> [!IMPORTANT]
> PID constants need to be tuned as described [on the AdvantageKit docs](https://docs.advantagekit.org/getting-started/template-projects/talonfx-swerve-template/#driveturn-pid-tuning)
> SysId PID categorization routines have already been made for the swerve drivetrain

#### CTRE
The `constants/TunerConstants.java` file in the main robot folder contains constants generated by the CTRE SwerveX generator. Most of its contents can be ignored because it is used under the hood by the libraries and has little to do with what we're handling in the rest of the code.

#### SysID
System identification, or SysID for short, is the process of identifying the properties of a given system. In this case, by running SysId tests, we can tune parameters like the PID gains for the turn and drive motors of our swerve modules. More details can be found on [CTRE's docs](https://v6.docs.ctr-electronics.com/en/stable/docs/api-reference/wpilib-integration/sysid-integration/index.html) or the [AdvantageKit docs](https://docs.advantagekit.org/data-flow/sysid-compatibility/).

#### Swerve Subsystem
Currently the `CommandSwerveDrivetrain` inherits from the `TunerSwerveDrivetrain` class (which inherits from the CTRE `SwerveDrivetrain` class) and interfaces with `Subsystem`. This keeps the drivetrain consistent with the rest of our command-based subsystems and makes it easier to extend beyond the default functionality.

The base of the subsystem contains SysId routines for tuning PID gains for both turn and drive motors. There is also basic Choreo command functionality available for future autonomous navigation implementations.

The [CTRE API](https://v6.docs.ctr-electronics.com/en/stable/docs/api-reference/mechanisms/swerve/swerve-overview.html) `SwerveModuleConstantsFactory` and `SwerveDrivetrain` implementations can all be found in the `TunerConstants.java` file.